What a magpie's nest.
Those who did not know thought that the people of the sparrow gate had arrived.
It seems that the people of Binh Thuoc gate are also controlled by someone.
Hey, Elder Ninja, now I'm really happy.
Unexpectedly, while stealing the Bien Thiep Mon palace, he also stole two beauties.
Would you like to send the elder a ring?
Hey, look at my memory.
I will go now.
Just don't know if the person inside is Chu Man or calm.
My lord, how are you?
Why are you taking medicine?
Honey, my husband day and night
The body is too weak to do anything.
Someone get me a Viagra.
What is it?
Of course, drugs can restore men's strength.
Madam, let's see how effective the medicine is now.